Add runtime updates to the 2201.11.0 release note (#9682)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.11.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

```java
public record StrandMetadata(boolean isConcurrentSafe, Map<String, Object> properties) {
}
```
Therefore, the following APIs from `io.ballerina.runtime.api.async.StrandMetadata` has been removed.
```java
public String getModuleOrg();
public String getModuleName();
public String getModuleVersion();
public String getTypeName();
public String getParentFunctionName();
```
- The `isRemoteEnabled` API from the class `io.ballerina.runtime.api.Repository` has been renamed to the following.
```java
 boolean isRemoteManagementEnabled();
```
- The `call()` API from `io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BFunctionPointer` class has been modified.
  The previous API definition is as follows.
```java
 R call(T t);
```
This is modified as follows.
```java
Object call(Runtime runtime, Object... t);
```
- The following APIs from `io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BFuture` have been modified.
  The previous API definition is as follows.
```java
 Object getResult();
```
This is modified as follows.
```java
 Object get();
```

##### Strand Dump tool

> The strand dump tool has been enhanced to support virtual threads. The report includes the total number of strands, with distinct sections for isolated and non-isolated strands, each showing their respective stack traces. With the new concurrency model, each strand is directly mapped to a Java virtual thread and the tool uses virtual threads to dump the strand information. However, since the thread dump does not provide any information about the state of the threads, the state of the strands will not be included in the strand dump report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The strand dump tool has been updated to support virtual threads. The report now includes the total number of strands, with separate sections for isolated and non-isolated strands, each displaying their respective stack traces. Under the new concurrency model, each strand is directly mapped to a Java virtual thread, and the tool uses the virtual thread dump to extract strand related information. However, since the thread dump does not provide information about the state of virtual threads, the current version of the strand dump report does not include the state of the strands.
```
Made a few changes to the strand dump tool description.
